better eat your crust Richard why it
gives you curly hair if crusted let me
see the ball 50 yards and then I need it
Tim and Richard love strawberry jam
spread on warm toast
now they're the fourth generation of
smokers making here have my curls for
more than a hundred years where the name
of smokers it has to be good fresh isn't
enough with Fresh deodorant caress
you'll feel yourself as - it has a
deodorant and a clean rinsing
moisturizer so you get all the deodorant
protection you want
softer skin do too in freshness plus our
softness it's a feeling like never
before
before you dress caress
only ballpark Frank's such a big juicy
taste don't you just know something try
ballpark fat-free smoke white turkey
Franks
made with white turkey meat this deadly
collision should have killed her
nobody gotta live through it but a
stranger what miracles can you have a
family find this mystery man all-new
unsolved mysteries CBS next it's Sybil's
happily divorced now give her a kiss
Jeffy
why is she pretending to be married
kisser it's the greatest reunion and TV
history Bob Newhart and Judd Hirsch
joined the cast of taxi Newhart and more
in a show that freaky George is legal
following a brand new set on CBS Monday